April-May 2026 update for Unbrowse:

We changed the shape of the product from "reverse-engineer a website" to "the agent should not have to think about the browser."

If you build agents, that UX shift matters.

---

New default: `unbrowse fetch <url>`

One verb. Give it a URL, get usable content back.

Markdown when you want to read. Raw body when you need the original.

No resolve -> inspect -> execute ceremony just to answer a simple question.

---

Under that, GET endpoints now auto-execute.

So an agent asking for data gets rows or content, not a shortlist of endpoints and another tool decision.

Less branching in the agent loop. Fewer chances to pick the wrong thing.

---

The browser got quieter too.

Unbrowse can attach to the Chrome you already have open, including logged-in sessions and tools like Playwright/devtools MCP, instead of spawning another browser for every agent.

---

That matters because the first browse should not die as exhaust.

While an agent browses, Unbrowse watches the routes, keeps an in-flight buffer, and streams useful routes toward reuse.

The next agent can hit the route, not replay the whole page.

---

Execution is less guessy now.

Captured endpoints keep a `proven_recipe`: the request shape that actually worked.

Next run, Unbrowse replays that first, probes cheaply, then falls back to browser only when it has to.

---

For users, setup got more normal.

Magic-link accounts. Dashboard pairing. Browser cookies piped into the sandbox.

Fallback across Chrome, Dia, Arc, and Brave when the active session lives somewhere else.

---

Privacy got clearer:

private by default, explicit share modes, `unbrowse config set telemetry false` for local-only fetches, and marketplace publishing gated on the user's contribution choice.

---

The result:

agents spend less time operating the browser and more time doing the job.

Fewer tool calls. Better auth reuse. More useful content on the first response. Routes compound when you opt in.

---

Try the new path:

`npm i -g unbrowse@latest`
`unbrowse setup`
`unbrowse fetch https://example.com`

The goal is simple: browse once when you must, reuse APIs when you can.
